by many being introverted is seen as a
weakness introverts rather stay on the
background often hesitate to make a
decision and get fatigued by social
interaction but these so-called
weaknesses are easily compensated by a
series of strengths that are generally
overlooked despite the fact that they're
invaluable in many different settings
the fact of the matter is we live in an
extroverted world in which extroverted
qualities are desirable over introverted
qualities so to enhance the emancipation
of the introvert a little bit and
because I'm introverted myself I present
you eight strengths of introverts
[Music]
one deep-thinking introverts often spend
a good portion of that time in solitude
during which they think deeply about
life overthinking comes with dangers
which I explained in my video called
four dangers of overthinking link below
but a thinking in general can also be a
great source of strength and introverts
brain works differently than an
extrovert brain which makes an introvert
process information more deeply a strong
aspect of thinking is the ability to
reflect on life and explore different
future scenarios although this could
lead to worrying and rumination it is an
opportunity to design a life that suits
them and build strategies to accomplish
that introverts are not only deep
thinkers they're often great writers too
the practice of journaling is a powerful
tool to reflect on the past and make
sense out of it in order to design a
better future an introverted mind is
great at planning out life step by step
because it carefully imagines pitfalls
and possibilities and is aware of things
that many extroverts will probably
overlook - productivity in solitude
people often say being around people
energizes the extrovert but exhausts the
introvert and from my own experience I
think that's true after a period of
socialization we need time alone to
recover and replenish our energy this
means that we are most energized when
alone and thus the most productive when
you're our most productive in solitude
you are gifted with an opportunity to
pursue great creative accomplishments
this could be something artistic or
perhaps creating an application or
writing a book these things are not made
during meetings nor on networking events
they are made by no-nonsense labor and
discipline executed in solitude Nikola
Tesla is an example of what
extraordinary things can be accomplished
when you work alone I made a video about
him you'll find a link in the
description 3
creativity in expressing ourselves a
coping mechanism of not wanting to be in
the center of attention
is basically finding ways to express
ourselves nonetheless that's why many
introverts become good at arts when I
was a child I used to express myself by
drawing today I often express myself
with memes or stupid self-made videos to
show my appreciation towards my friends
and the videos on this channel the
editing the choice of music is a much
more natural way for me to express
myself than for example given a speech
so an introverts creativity is partly
borne out of the avoidance of small talk
and being around people all the time for
observation introverts are great
observers while the extroverted people
are busy shouting at each other an
introvert remains in the background and
simply watches he or she closely
registers what is said and only speaks
when there's something useful to say the
legendary Taoist bigshot Lao Tzu said
and I quote he who knows does not speak
he who speaks does not know and quote
Lao Tzu simply points to the idea that
when you speak you cut yourself off from
possibly valuable information that the
environment gives you that's why we see
many extroverts talk on and on while
they don't even know what's going on
just for the rewarding act of getting
your voice heard in traverse however do
know what's going on because they have
seen it this gives them a position of
power because they know what others
don't know five eye for detail because
introverts tend to be great observers
and often overanalyze things in solitude
we have trained ourselves to pay
attention to details that extroverted
people overlook because they are too
busy chatting with each other
some people may perceive this
characteristic as a bit annoying but I
think it is an invaluable trait how can
mankind reach greatness if there aren't
people who pay attention to the small
stuff as they say the devil is in the
details so if you want to beat the devil
it is necessary to have people with the
ability to look at things from different
perspectives explore different scenarios
and
highlight weaknesses without your
observing I of the introvert an
ambitious project might go to waste at
the blink of an eye six deep
relationships introverts are great
listeners and I think that listening is
a vital component of a healthy
relationship with another person because
they are good listeners they process and
internalize a lot of information about
the other person so they get a deeper
understanding of them this way
introverts can empathize with others
more easily because they know what
they're going through especially because
they have the ability to think deeply
and imagine another person's suffrage
for themselves the way in Traverse
handled their loved ones often leads to
deep and long lasting bonds seven
autonomy and independence I think that
highly introverted people that love
being alone are unlikely to be
codependent codependent people cannot
live without a partner and cannot
imagine spending these Saturday evenings
alone according to the Stoics not
needing external things to live a happy
life is strength because at the end of
the day other people are beyond your
control in our society we are always
dependent in some way on other people
but the simple fact that you find
contentment in being by yourself exerts
power it prevents other people abusing
the need for companionship that many
people have companionship can be a great
addition to your life but because you
don't need it you are not enslaved by it
eight leadership although I dread public
speaking and did not like speaking in
the boardroom when I was working at the
bank at all when I did speak up people
listened to me it took me some effort to
get the attention of all those
extroverted shouting co-workers but when
I had it everyone was quiet partly
because of my deep voice but also
because I spent at least a few minutes
thinking about what I was going to say
and the time before I've probably
listened closely to what others had to
say you listen you prepare you know your
stuff and you observe very well what's
going on also I've led a meeting several
times during my career
and I hated every minute of it but
people always loved it because of the
structure I brought into these meetings
ironically I had to do it for my own
sanity nevertheless I'm glad that
extroverted people appreciate being led
by an introvert who creates some order
out of their oftentimes
chaotic and incoherent Maelstrom thank
you for watching
[Music]
you